This is a head gum original.
So I was like not turning the AC on like part of the show.
I can't see Brad.
So it can't be Brad's name.
Let's get it started.
New studio.
New studio paint color.
It's no cola. It's no terracotta, but it is charcoal.
It's black.
Speaking of cola, I am having an iced Coca Cola.
Is that iced Coca Cola? It's not coffee.
Well, I was going for a coffee.
So I went for an iced Coca Cola.
You know we have cola under finished chips or beer.
Thank you.
Well, cold brew sometimes sends me a shiver through me timbers.
It's the same as coffee.
No, but the iced nature of it in the country in nature of it,
it really makes me sort of get sent off on a wild goose chase of my own tail of your own design.
So I went for the cola, it's a special little Friday treat.
Yeah.
I wonder if this becomes one of those shows where like the host talks for like five minutes,
and then the guests get to say something, because I feel like I'm already getting steam rolled by specifically will.
You asked one question, two miles.
See, answered it.
Okay.
And now you're talking about getting steam rolled by will by will by who he hasn't talked.
And you know, we're changing.
We're working on the new camera angles here in the studio right now.
What I have set up has it.
So when I talked to Jeff, I can see just one eye looking at me.
That's great.
In between the camera.
Yeah.
It's incredible.
I love that there's three professional great studio cameras.
And then just still rock in the GoPro.
Yeah.
No lighting on me, by the way.
Because this is the only show where the producer really is kind of shown.
You choose to sit over there.
Exactly.
Right.
Just so I don't have to edit the multi-cam session later.
We've got will con over on the sacks, Brad Hild on the facts.
Miles Bonson, you're a bringing up the rear in case you don't have you for good measure.
Sure.
Sounds a lot like popcorn.
It's going to be mixed with high quality.
So the audience isn't good.
It's just going to sound like a pause.
And then it's going to be using.
I know.
But just the pause sounds a lot like.
Like popcorn.
Can I play a song that sound that's going to make you feel more comfortable, Miles?
Is it going to be loud?
Yes.
It's going to be this.
So that's a sound effect.
Yeah.
That I use on my show.
Perfect person.
That everyone can check out.
We plug it stuff.
It's a head game show.
It's a call out of my show.
And I'd love if you'd come on over and tune on it.
Jeff's turning off the cameras.
What are you doing?
It wasn't framed up exactly right.
I didn't frame it.
But you have to stop moving the cameras without unlocking the pan.
Really?
That's what you're trying to get at.
Not just without, I'm like, I'm moving the camera.
I hate the one eye.
It really feels threatening now.
It's like mad.
I'm moving.
Talking away from the mic.
Just turned off.
I can't see that.
I'm going to turn it around.
Turn it around.
Turn 180 degrees away.
Yeah.
And then said something into the wall.
I wanted to get straight to Will's favorite segment.
Bond of the week.
Let's start with Will.
Who's going to be next bond?
Yeah.
You don't know what it is.
You hate it this segment.
I just don't pay attention.
How does it work for you?
I'm sure that wasn't super tight.
Mario.
Yeah.
Super Mario.
No.
Mario.
All right.
Nice.
Brad.
Luigi Mario.
Whoa.
Is that Luigi's first and last name to you?
Yes.
Mario Mario and his brother Luigi Mario.
That is right.
That is true.
And then there's Mario Mario and while Luigi Mario.
Who came up with the shit?
I think J. Pan.
I think Baby Bowser would be a good double a seven.
One tree of Japan.
Yeah.
Um.
Okay.
Casey.
Bond of the week.
My.
Because will con over and I will bond over.
All right.
Has this already been done on the show.
Miles Bond.
I like that a lot.
Well, I said it.
I backed it up.
I think that's great.
You'll you do back it up.
I saw you in the clearer.
Thank you.
So for noticing.
Um.
How's everybody feeling today?
I feel like everybody's on different wavelengths.
Feeling good.
I got some editing done.
You're practicing yesterday.
I did get into a car accident yesterday.
But I'm okay.
Thankfully.
Oh, my God.
It was crazy.
It was right before the head got Mario cart live for you.
And you stole Baby.
And I gunned it to the studio.
And I said.
He was hit with a blue shell.
I got hit from a high by Baby.
Good.
You know, a guy peeled out in front of me.
Came out.
Fucker came out of nowhere.
Sounds a lot like I wasn't being attention.
But the guy peeled across several insetrapic in front of me.
And I hit his back like corner of his car.
Because he was trying to like get ahead of me and make this turn.
And then I was like fuck.
And I stopped turned on my hazard.
It's got it at the car to be like, let's check out this guy.
Make sure he's okay.
And also see if his car is okay.
I hit him.
And then he just kept driving.
Good night.
I think he said that when you showed up to the studio.
He said, I got hit by a car.
But it was a hit and run.
But I hit him.
And he ran.
Because I think he was either drunk or didn't have a license.
Or you were brandishing a gun.
I did not have anything like that.
You know, I had my prone intent to switch control.
Okay.
Which you might have been intimidated by.
Sure.
How were you brandishing it?
Yeah.
It was holding it like a gun.
I'm sorry.
The mood with that.
With the sound effect.
I just feel like your story.
Here's what happened.
Everyone laughed.
Yeah.
And right at the, uh, what's the opposite of apex?
At the down end.
At the tail end of the laughing.
You play the sound effects with women that we sat in silence.
Yeah.
And instead of continuing.
Instead of continuing the conversation, the flow of the show.
Right.
Jeff chose to just stop.
Lee Lee stop.
Of what it is.
Yeah.
Will.
How am I feeling to that?
Yes.
It looks like you got the HD on.
On zoom.
You're looking great.
Do I look good?
I think you're camera.
Yeah.
Always look good.
Well, you're a great.
Great.
Um.
I'm doing good today.
It's Friday.
It's weekend.
Come on, guys.
It's ready for the weekend.
Hey.
Yeah.
And it's Friday.
This release is on a Friday, right?
It's a Friday.
So it's a Friday when you go listen to home.
Oh, my God.
Happy Friday.
Good.
Everybody.
Here you go.
There you go.
Um.
This one's sort of a free practice.
Sure.
Yeah.
Well, this one might not go out.
Oh, okay.
Good to know while we're doing it.
What's that?
Useful.
You know, our time is valuable in that way.
Do you plan this weekend, Will?
Why are you excited?
Uh, no major plans.
Am I trying to see poor things?
Is that a movie?
Are you just going to go in there?
Damn.
Souls.
The street.
Yeah.
Damn.
Souls.
No.
Some movie.
Emma Stone.
It's a movie.
It looks good.
Herdiver.
I like her.
I like her too.
Do you guys like this?
This is a show.
Is.
How are you doing this weekend?
Yeah.
This is.
Jeff.
Jeff has weird energy right now.
He's like, he'll ask a question and then quietly, like,
fold within himself.
Yeah.
It's really inappropriate.
We can't.
Brad and I can't see Jeff.
And we can't hear the sound effects.
Yeah.
And barely hear.
You can barely hear us.
Oh, man.
I mean, Jeff was like, every time I've done the show, Jeff is in a full-blown panic.
When I walk into the studio, trying to get the tech to work.
And then he finally does.
And he's.
His mood hasn't lifted from that panic.
Well, again, I resent the fact that it's always pinned on me that the tech doesn't work.
We're in the middle of building out another studio.
That works perfectly.
I think everyone's in a really good job, except for you.
Jeff, do me a favor and hit the the the the wall.
No.
You see the microphone on the zoom with the the arrow pointed up.
I want to see if I could get the for giving them the right audio.
Okay, we are definitely not.
We're giving you the right audio, but my best guess is Jeff, like,
turns the volume down on the mic.
We don't have to keep doing this.
To make sure the levels don't peak.
This is all going in, right?
This is all staying.
Yeah.
Okay.
Brad, what are you excited for for the weekend?
How do you feel?
Yes.
Browned of applause for that.
It was awesome.
Brad, I got to say your hat and jacket combo is really cool.
I like the cream tones.
Is that better?
Creamy mood today.
I really like.
What does that mean?
I got in trouble for saying that last night in the live stream.
I did.
I said I was going to cream every night.
You said you're going to cream their asses.
I said, go.
I was going to cream her shells ass.
Yeah, right.
That's going to go down.
And I do it.
That's where you went.
I met nothing to say that.
But I can't say that.
Absolutely.
You need to mean what you say.
And say what I do mean to say.
Don't look at me through the line.
There's bad eye moodie.
And then there's sad eye job.
Casey, what are you looking forward to this weekend?
How do you feel right now?
Oh, how do I?
What am I looking forward to?
How do I feel right now?
So.
I feel pretty good.
It's Friday after all.
I have no plans this weekend.
And I kind of liked that.
I kind of liked going into a weekend with nothing on the
Docket.
And I could do whatever I want.
Really?
That's freeing.
Miles is on his phone.
Sorry.
I have an important call.
How to go.
It was really good.
Are you a millennial with Mrs.
What life was like in the 2000s?
Right?
A hard time finding new work, curated music.
Are you interested in multiple perspectives on relationships dating and music?
Then you're going to love see the thing as a podcast hosted by Grammy Award winning
R&B artist Bridget Kelly and media personality and podcast trailblazer Mandy V.
Twice a week, Bridget and Mandy have nostalgic conversations in their grown
segments, political pop culture conversations in their honest segments and relationship
hot take conversations in the slightly toxic segment.
The opinions on the show are real and brought to you by the genuine connections that the
ladies have with their guests who they like to call their friends with benefits.
Each week you'll leave with some new music recommendations or a curated playlist that
you didn't even know you needed in their freshly squeezed music segment.
Most recently the ladies have sat down with Remi Ma Muni Long and Chloe Bailey.
So you're not going to waste this guesting action.
You're not going to want to miss this guesting action.
Follow and subscribe to see the thing is on Spotify, Apple Podcasts or on YouTube.
New audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday and visuals are available every Wednesday
and Saturday on YouTube.
Check it out.
Oh, and we're back.
I think that's a lawsuit.
I think you should have a lawsuit.
Now we're here right now.
Julia Roberts dished on watch what happens live with Andy Cohen.
She said that the hardest drug she's ever tried was.
Take a good weed.
True.
It's got the MS room.
Let's go.
It was true.
It was mushrooms.
It was silicide.
This kid started.
Um, was it the art of the pellet in brief.
We got to figure this shit out.
It's hard and I have will to come over on the show and again,
it's, I can't see him either.
So again it feels like he's right behind me right here.
Grab my shoulder.
It just be like, was it on the set of pellet in brief?
Well, I have no reason why you can't, you have the monitor right in front of you.
Yeah, you should be able to see that.
You can duplicate the monitor.
If I duplicate and mirror them, then you guys see me pressing the fucking sounds.
I wanted to be a surprise.
Um, I have a clip I'd like to set up.
This is, I really am not sure about the clip.
This is a conversation with my self-post shower from the Jeffrey James Vimeo.
How did you find this shit man?
Now, this is, it looks like Jeffrey's younger.
It's just from seven years ago.
This was an assignment for film school.
This is an assignment for film school.
Yeah, I just wanted to tee up the clip.
Jeff, do you want to say anything about the clip before we play it?
Just that I'm already embarrassed that this is about to be played.
Do you want me to play it on that?
Yeah, I would love if you could play it for everybody.
I mean, I don't want to play it for anybody.
But just because you went through the effort of finding it.
Every time I join the show, I like to bring a little bit of a segment of my own.
You like to embarrass me publicly and physically.
I just expense.
And I think sometimes just forgets that everything is Googleable.
Last time, of course, I brought a very intimate emotional interview with Jeff.
More he said that he plays comedy like a guitar.
Like a glove.
I like a glove.
I wear it like a guitar and I play it like a glove.
And yeah, so I'm really excited about this clip.
And everyone, please check out Jeffrey James's Vimeo
or a conversation with myself post shower.
And the good thing is that everything will be scrubbed by the time the episode comes out of your life.
Here we go.
Conversation with myself post shower.
Can't hear anything.
Well, thanks so much for-
We won't be able to sit down.
And this is Jeffrey.
And I can see that he's got some wine bottles in his college dorm.
Yeah.
That's there.
Is that what is that?
Is that sweet for move, Jeff?
This is Samsung the frame.
Why?
Like, how is it my fault that it's not playing out of this?
I did everything for this.
Like, and I guess, like, my question is what?
You're over 100 episodes of the show, right?
Almost 200, yeah.
This used to be my favorite podcast.
This is so fucked up.
Yeah.
All right, here we go.
Well, thanks so much for sitting down to talk with me for an interview.
Showered me.
I've got a lot to come on, so it's an honor.
A privilege, rather.
Sure.
No problem.
Pre-showered, Jeff.
But let's just make this as quick as possible.
Actually, I don't know what you mean.
Can you pause?
Yeah, let's just-
Let's just pause for a second.
I just want to know what the mood was like in the class when you showed this.
Other silence, of course.
It was kind of into the studio at the end.
Like, I don't remember what the assignment was.
I do know that I didn't follow the rules.
This was document, uh, a pretty picture outside or something.
Yeah, you mean, it's getting a flower, right?
Yeah, this is what I scream.
I'm afraid that this is going to take an inappropriate amount of time.
What?
Look, I only agreed to this because I thought so.
Let's get right into it.
Shall we?
Fine.
So, tell me.
Stop it again.
Yeah.
There's another note.
Jeff?
I got to know.
Yeah, it's not even fun to watch in this forum.
It's actually the same.
I can't imagine one forum.
It would be fun to be.
To get a fucking B-plus in the class.
Sure.
Uh, my note is a performance note.
Yeah.
Which is, uh, I think you've gotten better.
I think so.
Yeah, I think so.
Like I can see, I hope so.
I can see the seeds of Jeff, the performer in here.
But it's not, it's not quite.
It's not there there.
Blossoming.
Tell you what.
Jeff?
Yep.
About the shower.
No, no, no, no, no.
Don't just say about the shower.
Like, it's a no-brainer.
Look, now I'm just blowing smoke.
So, I will just...
We can't keep doing this.
Is this a Rothcut or this was the final one?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
This is before I did my editing practicum.
This was before I learned that
it was supposed to edit around the emotional apex of the scene.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Well, that's, yeah, that's uh...
That's all you need.
That's all I need.
I got an A in that concept.
That's actually, it makes sense.
It wasn't hard.
It wasn't too high school.
Yeah, you see, just given degrees away.
If you want to see it.
Do I see what?
The whole thing ends with me asking.
If I saw that, I masturbated in the shower.
Anyway, um, well, that, that really made me want to kill myself.
I didn't mean to get out of the brain.
But we didn't, we didn't.
I just heard.
Guys, taking care of your health isn't always easy,
but it should be at least if nothing else simple.
And that's why for the last two and a half,
almost three years, I've been drinking A.G.1 every single day.
No exceptions.
It's just one scoop mixed in water once a day.
And it makes me feel way more energized, less brain foggy,
and just ready to take on the day.
It's one thing that I do every morning
that gets the day started off right.
I wake up, I have a glass of water.
I have my A.G.1, and then I have some coffee.
And if I do those three things in that sequence,
I at least have done one thing right that day.
And that pays dividends over time.
That's, uh, whatever the opposite of diminishing returns is.
Games, uh, each serving of A.G.1 delivers a daily dose
of vitamins, minerals, pre and probiotics, and more.
And it's a powerful healthy habit that's also powerfully simple.
You don't have to figure out what vitamins you want to take.
You can just get it all in one nutritional insurance.
And that's why I love it.
Instead of 12, 40 different pills and supplements to look out for my health.
I have A.G.1, and I get it in one delicious, kind of tropical fruit tasting drink.
Now, how do you know for sure that A.G.1 is a high quality product?
Well, I know based on how I feel.
And also that every batch of A.G.1 goes through rigorous testing,
processes, more than one process.
So you know it's safe.
And their ingredients are sourced for absorption, potency,
and nutrient density, which is very important.
You don't want to just get any multivitamin.
You want to make sure that it's coming from high quality sources.
And that's what you're getting with A.G.1.
So if there's one product, I had to recommend to elevate your health.
It's A.G.1.
And that's why we've partnered with them for so long, so many years.
So if you want to take ownership over your health,
start with A.G.1.
Try A.G.1 and get a free one-year supply of vitamin D3K2
and five free A.G.1 travel packs with your first purchase.
Exclusively at drinkag1.com slash what's that?
Again, that's drinkag1.com slash what's that? Check it out.
Public, that'll be cut out.
But I will keep in that I talk to something you didn't want me to say.
Um, I mean, here we are yet again.
Uh, I guess we should head into our first segment, right?
You didn't even ask Brad and Will what they thought about the video.
Yeah.
What did you guys, you, we're all chiming in.
It felt like they didn't have anything to say.
We're just, we're just going to have a copy there.
At them.
They're on high view.
We man.
Well, there's a great shirt.
You got to, you got to check out Jeff's shirt.
All right.
That's an amazing shirt.
Yeah.
A magician like Reveal, while we were all watching the video,
you were, you were understanding where our eyes were.
So really, I did chime in on the video.
Yeah, really.
This is actually merch.
Uh, we're working on for the.
Oh, that's awesome.
The Hilt King's podcast.
Yeah, sold on the back.
Hilt King's fun.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
I liked that a lot.
Yeah, really.
Thanks.
Yeah, tune in.
Uh, I'll buy one.
My dad certainly will.
Oh, wow.
He's a third break.
No way.
10 seconds.
You don't have that many ads.
I think it's going to be bars and tone right now.
Also, that's, that is an assault.
That is in here.
You name alert.
Damian Sounder.
Who?
Damian?
Is the first name.
The last name is Sounder.
Okay, Sounder.
My heart later.
Come on.
That's really come on.
I like that.
Thanks.
Stop.
What?
What was that green man?
You're like, looking at me, like, what do you want from me?
It's typing.
He's typing on his computer now.
He's embarrassed, I guess.
He's pulling something up.
What are you pulling?
Welcome to, okay, I'll guess.
You know exactly what it is, that's here.
It's so long and loud.
It's either the price is tight or the price is right.
The price is right, the tight is right.
The tight is right.
Welcome to, the kite is right.
Right, okay, right, okay.
You should have, it was a great opportunity to do a race thing.
Yeah.
It could have been really good.
Um, I don't think it would have been.
I think if I had a done that, you guys would have been like,
had different complaints.
This is the price of kites of kites of kites.
I thought it was the kite as price.
It says fucking matter.
We're banking episodes, man.
The price is kites.
This is the price of kites.
It's the price is right of kites.
So basically, we're going to all, okay,
our guess, prices is right, rules, all right.
For how much we think these kites cost?
Closers without going over, right?
Yeah.
Closers without going over exactly, right?
Uh, let's, Brad, will, do you guys think you know
the market price of kites?
100%.
Yes.
I've never seen you more confident than anything.
Other than now.
I'm suck.
I'm a slightly less sure, but I'm willing to give it a go.
Will is the optimist that we all need on this.
Yeah, I might need to be more of sorry.
I wasn't anywhere close to done.
Why not?
Will is the optimist that the show didn't beg for,
but needed like, uh, my eyes need radioactive frequency therapy.
Yeah.
I got my eyes zapped by a rod last Friday.
Lacing.
Worst, a cattle prod?
More like a cattle prod, just underneath the eyes.
Why?
Basically, it's a way to stimulate the collagen underneath your eye
lids to kind of regenerate dead tear glands.
So, you know, topical anesthetic jelly that wears off after a couple of seconds.
So it works for a while.
It feels like a nice eye massage.
Zap.
Your, your asses out of the chair.
You're wondering why they didn't warn you that it was going to be painful.
Why did you, do you don't have tear glands?
I'm losing my lipid glands.
So what does that mean?
Like is that the price is kite?
What do we all think?
This kite, you can't reveal your eyes.
Compromising medical information.
And then try to pivot into a segment.
You guys, we zled your way into a hippo violation.
I'll get my ass.
I don't appreciate it.
Let's get into the game show.
Okay.
All right.
This kite is 1299.
You know, that's the kite.
That's, that's the kite that we're guessing first.
There's a lot of other ones for the game.
1299.
That's too small.
Yeah, thank you.
Okay, Casey's guess is 1299.
Miles?
Come on.
14.
1299.
That's a 2499.
All right.
Okay.
Will?
999.
No.
What the fuck?
Gone over.
Are you reverse image searching, man?
I wish I could see the image back clearly.
That's insane.
I don't think it's that insane.
I think 999 makes sense for like a kite.
Standard price.
What is that?
I think that's crazy.
Will is winning with 999.
Not that.
Get them any points.
Well, isn't that the thing?
It's like you get the price of the item.
Get in cash on the game.
I feel like I get the item, right?
No, I think it's not.
Isn't it just to move on to the next round?
Just move on to the end.
You do all the stuff.
Will is the only one who moves on?
Yeah, now he's going to go play like that.
No, he knows.
He'll go.
Just will.
Let's just all move on.
Okay.
Uh, here we go.
Uh, in this segment.
Yep.
Really good segment, man.
Awesome.
You got to do at least.
Right, you got to go.
This is a kite surfing kite.
So a little bit of context there.
Uh, what do we think this is priced at?
It's not going to tell the size of this is this meant to carry a human in the air.
Uh, it's meant to keep someone surfing at their will.
Okay.
$279.
It's okay.
Why are you mad at that?
Hmm.
Oh, you're out of the game.
Oh, you're out of the game for the other hand.
If you guess that's far off, you're out of the game.
No way.
I'm sorry.
Oh, go wait in the kitchen.
I'm going to go in the kitchen.
Wait until if you're far off, thank you so much, Miles.
No one else.
If anyone else had to add out of the gas, maybe.
But I think they're all in line.
So, but if I guess badly, I get to get out of the game.
Yeah.
Well, a million dollar kite.
A million dollar kite.
Yeah, that's pretty wrong.
Actually, I think Miles is back in because KC's was so off.
What?
It's a context.
Well, we're creating on a sliding skill.
I figured action sports kites got to be pricey,
so they know they're made of.
Yeah.
There's never been more of a dud.
There's never more of a dud.
We're moving on.
There was, there was a lot more of a dud.
Wait, I didn't get to get it.
There was a lot more of a dud.
Oh, the gas.
It was an angel with a whole bunch.
That looked like a, like, a prison bus.
What is one curious people?
Well, I knew that one.
You got too nervous.
You got to go through the segments, people.
The long guesses.
We have to move on because the next segment's going to take a while.
Oh, my god.
This is not what the guests want to hear.
They don't want to hear the second.
It's going to be really long.
Are you guys familiar with the 36 questions?
That lead to love.
Yeah, I've done a lot.
I got with everyone, but I guess about it.
Okay.
Well, I sort of created my own.
I wondered if we could get two volunteers.
I'll do it.
Brad.
Yeah.
Brad and Miles are Brad and Will.
Is it only two of us get to answer?
Yeah, get gazing and I go.
Alright, let's just pair up.
Let's pair up.
Miles in Brad.
Great.
Will and Casey.
Here we go.
First question.
And again, these are the 36 questions that lead to love.
Jeff Edyston.
Yeah.
Number one.
Sorry.
How are we teams?
Not so much teams more like partner up because like the question.
We too fall in love at the end of it.
Got it.
In a way, at the very least.
So Miles and I are collectively trying to fall in love with Casey and Will as
like those are the two guys like that sense.
Do you like seeing I try to fall in love quicker or harder?
Yeah.
Or Miles and Miles.
It's competitive.
I think let's make it competitive.
This is basically the semi finals, right?
So it's going to be Miles and Brad and then whoever falls in love the hardest
between the two of you move on to face the winner of Brad.
I like that.
Will versus Cassie.
So Cassie.
Cassie.
What's that?
It's Casey.
Yeah.
I think the 36 Jeffs.
What's that?
Yeah, the 36 Jeffs.
That's really good.
Okay, here we go.
One.
Well, okay, let's start.
This got to be rapid fire because guys,
because we're already fucking 20 minutes into the shit.
Are there 36?
There are 36.
Oh my god.
There are 36, but there's a catch after the 24th.
So we'll see how you got to answer that.
And that might decide this.
That might decide the winner of the fucking championship.
So the first round, let's go one by one.
So this is going to be Miles and Brad.
Number one.
Ask each other's this question.
Actually, you know what?
You're asking the question, though.
Don't tell me that.
That's the question.
I don't know what the question is.
Okay, wait, you know what?
That's a good question.
That's a good point.
I'm sending the first set to Miles.
Overtext and Miles will ask Brad to.
And yeah, okay, so here we go.
Here we go.
Miles, you're ready?
Yeah, just went through.
It just moved through.
I don't know where my phone is, so you can't do this for me.
Well, number one, given the choice of any time in the world,
when would you want someone as a dinner guest?
When would I want someone to repeat the question?
That was too fast.
Given the choice of any time in the world,
when would you want someone as a dinner guest?
Dinner time.
That's really good.
By the way, I'll be the judge of who's falling in love the hard drive.
I think a seven PM is good.
Yeah, I'm going to give that one to Brad.
That's one to Brad.
I asked the question.
Right, but you asked Brad to tell more and love with you.
Thank you, Phil.
Yeah, are you not getting this?
What about this as confused?
Number two, would you like to be infamous in what way not?
You're just taking the 36 questions and changing the little bit.
But no, it is the 36 questions.
I didn't say it was going to be drastically different.
I said it was Jeff edition.
Jeff?
Hey, no!
No!
We don't want to be, what, infamous is what?
The opposite of famous?
And that's like being famous for something bad.
More than, no, it's not.
Jesse James was infamous.
Well, he was a criminal.
So there's a negative connotation for sure.
I don't think I want to be infamous, though.
Okay.
And what ways would you not want to be infamous, though?
For, I don't want to be famous for building the shit as someone.
I'm crap.
Commenting a crime.
Do you ever beat the shit out of someone?
Well, I don't want to be famous for it.
I want to beat the shit out of people I don't want to know.
No, it's not so scary to me to be honest.
I've never beat the shit out of it, but yeah.
All right.
Brad?
I have I ever beaten the shit out of any country?
That's not bad as a second question.
Well, let's have you answer that.
I have, yeah.
Whoa.
So I'm going to the next time I'm in LA.
Awesome.
Holy shit.
It's cool.
I'm going to get that to miles because Brad is my violin.
This is, sorry.
So I just continue asking any questions.
Correct.
So you have the fucking list.
And then, sorry.
What are you going to make me and will do all of the questions?
Pick up the pace, man.
This is great.
Why don't we just all answer the same time?
Would that be better?
Oh, no.
You're really, really good.
You're really good.
All right.
Let's do it all at once.
Let's have Brad Will and K.C.
Catch up.
Let's ask.
I don't remember the first question so passed.
Given the choice of any time in the world,
when would you want someone to just dinner?
Yes.
Oh, dinner time.
All right.
Well, it's kind of steel.
I mean, I copied my answer.
Copy that.
Well, one day.
Valentine's Day.
I'm going to give that one to Will because it's not plagiarized.
And would you like to be infamous in what we're not?
Slash, have you ever beaten the shit out of anybody?
Yeah.
I would not like to be infamous.
Uh, infamous.
What's that?
Is that?
That's me saying what's that.
Oh, I like that.
All right.
And I don't have to do it.
I don't have to do it.
You don't think you do it.
All right.
Three is.
No, well, didn't answer.
Oh, sorry.
No, I want to be loved.
That one's going to Will just because of the
specificity and how fast he said it with the conviction.
All right.
Three.
Before making a telephone call,
do you ever rehearse what you aren't going to say?
Who?
You're going to be really just changing what you're saying.
I don't think that's the question.
Uh, no, I rehearse what I am going to say.
And I guess who, uh, me.
Yeah.
Do you understand?
Sure.
Me.
Miles?
Uh, no.
Okay.
I'm going to give that to Brad for specificity.
Yeah.
Okay, see?
Uh, I do think sometimes I do rehearse what I'm not going to say.
Like I do think about like,
yeah.
How am I going to start this call?
Good day.
No.
Go with good morning.
For sure.
Um, and who the bank?
Nice.
Yeah.
Well.
I agree with Casey.
I think sometimes I can make a list.
Given it to Casey.
Yeah.
I've got the four.
And who?
Casey.
Wow.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
No, I'll give it to Chris.
No, all right.
Before.
All right.
So we're three questions in four to 36.
He's a scraper.
It is nine minutes until my weekend.
Yeah.
Let's pass it up.
Fasten it up.
All right.
What would constitute a fine day for you?
Brad, I guess a little bit of exercise and hang it out
with friends listening to music or playing music.
Maybe getting some dinner, maybe going to a brewery,
maybe ordering some pizza, playing with my dogs, a little bit.
Maybe we go climbing in the room.
Maybe I go on a run.
Oh, maybe I, maybe I go on a chat with Will.
Maybe I chat with my boy.
You know, I love that.
Maybe we catch up.
We see what's going on in New York City.
We see how he's been.
We see what he's been up to.
What has he been watching recently?
I know that he's planning on going to maybe see a movie this weekend.
Maybe we talk about how the movie was.
Maybe we talk about Emma Stone, our favorite Emma Stone films.
Have you been watching the rehearsal on Showtime?
We've got a deal that I'd like to know.
It is the curse.
The curse.
Sorry.
See that would come up.
Been in the conversation.
That's what would make it fine, really.
So that's a little bit of a moment friends where you're not afraid to
correct each other because you're close like that.
You know, you've kind of got that rapport.
You know, that is a fine day.
And then maybe I don't know.
I'd get laid.
Miles, I don't think you should even try for this one.
That one's going to Brad.
Honestly, I was going to say getting laid.
All right.
Miles, you're sorry.
Will, Casey.
Getting laid.
All right.
Played Drizzam?
Will?
What do you got?
Porking tickets.
There you go.
All right.
Then we're going to Will.
Purchase all the scores.
Brad has got three points.
Getting laid.
Oh.
Yeah.
Everybody.
What's that?
Okay.
So far, this is the Tally.
Brad is in first of his challenge.
Oh my god.
Will is winning his battle of love.
I believe the show is such a headache.
Number five.
Let's hear it.
We got to make this faster, guys.
Wait, we got it.
We got to click in the face.
You can't.
Sorry.
So you know, how long was the price?
Is kite going to take?
It was going to be 15 minutes.
This all took you long.
Precious kite.
We answered two guys.
And you said that through as some of the
fights.
Well, okay.
When did you last sing passive aggressively to someone else?
Last weekend, band practice.
You were like, oh, you want to play?
Are you singing a different key?
I mean, it was like they were kind of like stalling a little bit.
And I was ready to rehearse.
Oh, and I was like, come on.
Oh, I like that.
I like that.
Beat it up.
You know, it's good.
It's what you got.
Can't beat that.
Uh, no, definitely can't beat that Jeff, but I'm going to put
myself in the running.
Sometimes I sing to my baby in a passive aggressive.
I'm like, Julie, and don't grab that.
It's not for you.
Who?
Hey,.
You Tay.
That's important.
Remember to untie now as much during our
dream race
It's going to miles, I'm sorry, Brad.
Yes.
Will in KC, what do you got?
I forgot the question.
Moving on to five.
You guys both get four foot that right now.
Moving on to six.
If you were able to live in the age of 90,
I lived to the age of 90.
And it's either the mind or body of a 30 year old woman
for the last 60 years in your life.
Why wouldn't you want that sexist?
I think I would want that.
I would want that, but I would want it to be in a world
where equality has truly been achieved,
which is what I'm constantly striving for as a fan in it.
I wouldn't want it till everyone can get married.
I don't understand what I'm saying.
If you were able to live to the age of 90, and retain either the mind or body of a 30 year old woman
for the last 60 years of your life, why wouldn't you want that sexist?
I think I would want that.
I would want that.
I don't understand what I'm saying.
So mind and body of a woman.
I'm a body.
Oh mind or body.
So does that mean I'm living for like 30 years in my body, my mind,
and now I have a different mind, different body.
Exactly right.
Like just another person entirely.
You're still pretty.
You're pretty.
Maybe you would have my mind.
You have hive mind.
Oh.
That one's going to go to will just because of what Casey's doing right now.
No, I was trying to understand what he was saying.
He was asking me.
Yeah.
We'll just want the round.
No.
Thank you.
Well, doesn't want the point.
I can take her leave it.
I'll take it.
I'm going to give it to Brad.
Give it to Brad.
So I point to give.
That's so fucked up.
Okay.
Here we go.
Do you have a secret drunch about how you will die?
What's the original question was hunched?
And being the word hunched?
Drunch really?
I guess my guess is drunch is a dreadful hunch.
Yeah, I like that.
A dreaded hunch.
Drunk hunch.
You get drunk.
You have existential dread about a hunch.
Well, do you have a drunch about your how you'll die?
I think I'm going to be physically stabbed in the back.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
You see, love that.
I wish I didn't know it's so much joy from everyone in the real life.
It won't be me, but it'll happen.
I'll go, I, of course.
Yeah.
Makes sense.
I'll stab you in the back from the front.
They need rehab for personalities.
For me.
Look, you feel like you've stepped program to be a president.
Yeah, your personality's cost.
I can, you would like to change it.
Exactly.
Right.
And now it's on a strong human.
You need to be taken out of society placed in some, you know, nice house and, you know,
Malibu or something.
Exactly.
Yeah.
I wouldn't mind that, actually.
Just to like, better myself on a bluff.
Mm-hmm.
That does sound nice, by the way.
It's sort of the grad school promise.
Yeah.
You get to sort of escape from society and learn.
Do you guys have a drunch about how you're going to die?
Back flip off the motorcross.
That's awesome.
I got to give it to miles.
We'll see what you got.
Come on.
I'm always, I've always hoped to be natural causes and like old age,
but I've also thought that if I was to like start losing my mind,
I can't remember, you know, family members.
That's sort of thing.
I would probably drive into the Grand Canyon.
Yeah.
That's pretty good.
Will, what do you got?
Of boredom on this show.
I'm going to give it to Casey because I have my feelings.
Here we go.
Eight.
We're not even in double digits.
It's not my fault.
You guys are dragging your goddamn feet.
Okay.
Eight.
Miles.
All right.
Eight is going to be, hang on.
Sorry.
I was bored.
So I started playing Angry Birds.
Number eight is assume three things.
You and your partner don't agree on.
Miles, let's start with you.
Assume three things we don't agree on.
Well, I leave the cabinet doors open.
She doesn't care for that.
No, not you and your partner, you and Brad.
Oh, Brad, what do you think that we don't agree on?
Because I see that you've got a really cool, um,
tube television in the back that takes BCR.
I'm thinking that that's really nice.
Yeah, we definitely agree on that.
Yeah.
Um, I don't know what's your stance on, uh,
just kind of the entire state of the economy.
It's pretty bad, right?
Yeah.
I agree there.
What about the modern.
How do you feel about the British royalty?
I don't care about that at all.
Yeah.
It's sucking.
No, it's not talked to you this person about it.
It's just state three things.
You think that they disagree with you on.
I was going to do Casey.
Do you like Tom Cruise?
Because I think he's gone.
I like Tom Cruise.
I do too.
This was a dummy episode.
We actually have a lot in the comments.
I have a lot in the comments.
I think we should do that.
You guys are getting a point for this.
Yeah.
Casey.
Three things.
Casey named three things.
You think.
Birkin stop.
That will don't agree.
You have the same ones.
I love it.
I think they should keep going.
They're really hitting it all.
Let's move on to number nine.
The whole thing was we was supposed to fall in love.
Number nine.
The one in your life.
The leads to love organically.
For what in your life do you feel the least grateful?
What a horrible question.
I love this guy.
I'm least grateful for what.
That's the question.
Being alive.
Damn.
Will.
The sidewalk.
Is that because you just take it for granted?
Or you actually think exactly.
Got it.
I just feel like it should be there.
So I'm not going to worry about it.
Well, what do you do if you're walking down the street and the sidewalk ends?
But you still got to keep going.
How do you feel?
We keep asking these side of the sidewalks.
I think that was a really good question.
On topic.
Shell Silverstein style.
Yeah.
I think I explore.
What then?
The whole world open.
Miles, what do you got?
Okay.
I think I feel the least grateful for like pissy, shitty people that exist in life.
You know, in my world.
Yeah.
I get that for sure.
So.
Brad.
I probably least grateful for shitty and pissy people.
Oh, that's awesome.
Me too.
I agree with you guys.
I hate those kinds of people.
Now you're not in on this.
For sure.
Do you want to do 10?
Yep.
I don't like how this has become me.
Like why am I reading the questions?
Why end into Casey?
I don't know where my phone is.
Fine.
I'll keep it going then.
If you could change one thing about the way you were raised.
Why would you embarrass your parents like that by saying it on a podcast?
I wouldn't change anything.
They did a great job.
There you go.
Yeah.
Casey?
I just answered.
I meant to say Miles.
Yeah.
Um.
Okay.
I think why would you embarrass your parents like that by saying it on a podcast?
So.
If I could change one thing about the way I was raised.
This is so bad.
We have to know.
I have to know.
Who do you think this is?
Yo!
I created the list of questions.
It's supposed to be rapid fire.
I want you to say how you think this is going to go.
Good.
I got to be kind of fun.
Okay.
All right.
Casey was here when I was.
Let me ask you something out loud at the question.
Yeah.
Let me produce this a little bit.
Okay.
All right.
So if I'm producing the show.
Okay.
And I'm like, okay.
Thirty-six questions.
How long do I think as the producer this is going to take?
Four people talking.
Yeah.
Let's say it's a minute a question.
That's thirty-six minutes.
Yeah.
All right.
So you need the show.
One-and-a-half the episode available.
And I would know that going in.
Okay.
This is going to be thirty-six minutes minimum.
Probably closer to forty-five.
Especially if the questions are good.
Yeah.
And like people are riffing and talking.
Having conversation.
You know.
Recording a podcast.
That's where he disagreed.
I didn't want to be here.
Close to the mic.
I didn't want to expect.
I didn't want to be here.
Close to the mic.
I didn't want to expect.
I didn't want to be here.
Close to the mic.
I didn't want to expect.
Something.
Oh, withouterness.
We're taking a huge SUV.
Take four more minutes.
Don't be shy.
I didn't think of through.
You don't have it said.
Obviously.
What prepare me.
seulement.
We're learning.
What do you need?
What do you need.
Tornwaready.
gained any quantity of cash. How much would that be? I think that's kind of interesting because you know what you
If you have a billion dollars that you might not be happy
But I think if you have ten million dollars you might smile. Oh, I'd be overjoyed if I had ten million dollars
So what's the amount?
But you wanted to not be so much. No, I do want to be a lot
A billion yeah a billion really a billion yeah if I woke up and had a billion dollars on puke
Yeah, you think so shards. I don't know how anyone else
Wouldn't like it's a million dollars a billion. That's small much more. It's but I guess what I like about a billion is that you could be like
It's easiest slice it up. You'd be like yeah a billion. All right, you know what 500 k. Let me build the coolest town
In the same
Just buy a fucking joke down
And then build a house
Well, I don't know. I want to buy a ghost town and make it like a fun place to have you keep saying
Okay, make sure a macho
Yeah, is one
2000 of a billion yeah
Yeah, it wouldn't buy a town
That's my point. You buy one house and it's a bill a billion dollars is is is enough money where you know
You can like do the finances and figure out how much money do I need? Yeah, which is like and then be said
I pay myself a million
Dollars a year for the next 60 years of my life. Okay
60 million that's put in a little pocket for me. Yeah, and then beyond that all the rest of my life
I just have to like it like a doctor
I'm gonna buy it. Yeah, so you just do like standard billion
But
Who share the
I do charity for a bunch of buy a town build fucking wells in space build well wells in California
Is that the problem? That's not the problem
Exactly, all right moving on to set two if a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself
Your life the future or anything else what mundane nonsense would you waste that wish on a crystal? I have a good one for this
I have a good one. Let's hear it. I want to see every photo that I've ever photo
Oh, that's a
That's good that would be really good
Casey
Miles sorry, I'm just recovering
All right number 14 is there's something that you've dreamt of doing for a long time stop that
Whoa
Okay, number 15. What is the greatest to come so that was just a command what's that?
That this is the list of demands
What's that?
This is a random list of demands were hostages. Yeah, it's all coming together. What is the greatest accomplishment of your life?
That's it
Me start with miles
I don't want to be belittled by stating what I think it is all right Casey
Don't say the color of the walls in the studio. No, it's not the color of the look
I thought
Brad we've been killing it honestly we've been killing it here. Yeah, we just put out you know the David Cross show with Bob
Great great work on the same day that doughboys put out Andy Samberg
All these recorded in the head-gum studios. Oh, yeah, and then we also did a live
Stream show all in the same day. So I'm I'm actually really proud of what we're doing here me too
Hell yeah, of you. Sorry to
Sincerely answer that question
Brad that's it
That's it
Yeah, it's all say it and you listen
Okay, what do you what do you guys value? Why do you are sorry? This one's directed directly at will
Why do you value friendship? That's weird
Oh
Friendship makes life worth living
All right, this one's directed just to Brad you thank you
This one's directed just to Brad what is your most treasured memory don't tell us just think about it
Moving on
The disappointing thing is the questions have gotten better. I like these questions a lot more than the first
There's a lot more like meet on question air commentary
When I walked in the studio Jeff was working on these and he looked at me said I've just made my magnum opus
He did say they said the final part of it really ties into your show and I think you're really gonna like it
And he was really proud of himself
I'm sitting here laughing, so that's why it's like what you guys are like what did you think was gonna happen?
I thought this was gonna be kind of fun
What is your most terrible memory will and let's all answer that one?
Last time I was on the Hedgen Puckest
Sox yeah, same answer for me. Yeah, that might be a unanimous you guys want to say it in unison
The last time I guess
This is the worst
If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly would you tell people to elicit sympathy
No immediately
I don't think I would tell a soul. I would keep it to myself and I would just live every day like it was my last
That's cool. Brad speaking of David Cross. There's a really good Mr. Show sketch about this
About like getting sympathy when you're about to die. So I would do it and I would play it off just like that sketch
Nice go watch senses working over time
Yeah, I'm gonna plug that was really good. Okay. Here we go. Why doesn't friendship mean nothing to you?
Why doesn't friendship mean nothing to you?
It's a double negative. Yep
What is he saying? I don't know. It's a I wonder that a lot with him. It is honestly kind of a repeat of the question that was just for me
It's basically what does friendship mean
Yeah, which is the actual question
Magnum opus
What roles do love an affection player in your life?
That is just the question from the problem. Yeah, that's not a jet ship is the question
All right
If you guys don't have immediate answers we really are approaching an hour here
Sorry to take some minute to wrap our heads around the question
Sharing something you would consider a bad trait of your partner share a total of nine
Sh nine
I want you to say nine bad things about Brad Brad same thing reciprocate to miles and then a wheel and Cassie will exchange
Well
I don't even know I don't think I could name nine bad things about anybody because I think everyone's a pure soul me too
I think Brad is no different you need to
All right here we go. Do you ever feel a sneaking suspicion that other people's families are closer and warmer than yours?
Do you feel your child? It was more tragic than most let this this one's just for Casey
Got a very supportive family got it all right
How do you feel about your relationship this for everybody how do you feel about your relationship with your pastor and then in front of the season
It says if no pastor and conversation
I don't have a pastor
Don't go on. So that's the end. It's good conversation. We're done
Not the end of the conversation. I'm gonna list the last 12, but we're not gonna answer anything
This is rapid fire. Okay, just so we can know just so we can know well actually no, I'm just gonna jump ahead to the organic plug of your ship
How does it tie it?
Fine, I'll say all 12. You have to stay in all the well lead into it make three vague
We statements for instance. We both in this room are feeling blank complete this sentence
I wish I had someone with whom I could haggle with in specific regards to having blank
If you were going to become a close friend with your partner, please share what wouldn't be important for them to know
Tell your partner what you're fine with about them of be very honest to this time saying things you might not say to someone you've just met
Share with your partner and embarrassing moment that happened during this podcast
When did you last cry in front of another normal?
What about a famous
Tell your partner something that you like about them already, but that might change later. Did you cry in front of someone famous? What's that?
Did you cry in front of someone famous? He heard the question
I am curious about that because it just seemed like a personal story. I sobbed in front of George Santa's just because I really believed him
What if anything is too hilarious to be serious about
If you were to die this evening with no opportunity to communicate with anyone what would you most regret not having told someone? Who cares?
This is what I feel like is going on in Jeff's head
He's just spinning his wheels so he gets tired and get at the end of the day. You're house containing everything
This one's a really good one. It's dog. This one's a really good one. The dog chasing that thing that's going on a string
Speaking of dogs. Your house containing everything you own catches fire after saving your loved ones and pets
You have time to safely make a final dash to change your mind and put your loved ones and pets back inside
Would you do that
If I changed my mind, though, it would not do that, but it's nice of you to ask of all the people in your family who's death
Would you find most financially gainful? Where?
And finally share a personal problem and ask your partners advice on how they might handle it
If their advice sucks, call in to the perfect person podcast hosted by Miles Bonsiorer
He's good
plugs. What do you guys have going on? What do you want to point the people towards any parting wisdoms or otherwise? Let's hear. Let's start with Brad
Hilking's podcast. They
King of the Hill
rewatch podcast hosted by me and a daddy from Edmund Oklahoma every week on YouTube
My merch
Advertway
Will
Ain't no way
That was a hit-dum original.